[Music]
I was born in 2025 but I wish I'd grown
up in the 1980s like all my heroes
I live here in Columbus Ohio and 2045 it
still ranked the fastest growing city on
earth but sure doesn't seem like it when
you live in the stacks they called our
generation than missing millions missing
not because we went anywhere there's no
more left to go nowhere except the Oasis
the only place that feels like I mean
anything
[Music]
world where the limits of reality or
your own imagination
[Music]
and
[Applause]
[Music]
hurry up
to be some so you meet
when he's gone
[Music]
what is a Jaeger I gave you is the
pinnacle of German invention when the
moms just came we did not wait for
heroes to fall from the sky and save us
we saved ourselves
innovation is hours of the past
was a big economy if you times a
thousand
Paul is a mountain with a beating heart
differences right
time
[Music]
enabling us all to become the most
heroic version of ourselves
join the Yaga uprising
[Music]
so much has happened since I saw you
I lost my hammer like yesterday so
that's still pretty fresh
then I went on a journey of
self-discovery I love you
[Music]
where are we no idea how long ago does
the death has invaded as God
oh I missed this
and you and I how to fight this thing
now I want easily sound right Oh
[Music]
God is dead little be reborn in Lionel's
I thought you'd be glad to see me
near the stopper here now prevent
Ragnarok the end of everything
so I'm putting together a team
at the old days
surprise this we Scott Scott
hi
he's a fighter
and we go
I'm not a queen or a monster
I'm the goddess of death
what were you the god of again
[Music]
for the same unite just a couple
hot-headed fools
yes saying all kite fire door like water
mama can't panic fire the whole like
raging fire - I like smoldering why
they're fair in the Berkeley area that's
a new Norfolk very lives don't matter
today well Mike right there I think a
little only not LAPD sound like you do
oh and now you keep doing are you
gangster stuff I'm just trying to sell
my house don't worry about that
everybody's just trying to get along and
have a good life all of the races are
different just because they're different
doesn't mean anybody's better or worse
than anybody
hey yeah where's the diversity huh I got
to do to my car I didn't ask for it but
the whole world is watching
what is okay you don't like me well I'm
not out here to be your friend I need to
know [ __ ] pop off that you got my back
then hide avoid going to have physical
tells like the face
what's my face you only need a lot more
accountable of texture you not winking
me like that
always like unit requests and we had him
nah show us enroute only wait for the
capital rains we are the cavalry
magic wand
like a nuclear weapon that grants wishes
that's whatever you want more me taller
or shorter you want ten million dollars
you're not feeling it was
[Music]
develop this neighborhood
I'm gonna kill you tell me and that's
what a stupid shits gonna start afraid
of the dog magic water to secure it
oh and a nobody
built East out of the Academy no they do
not
but if you come
where you sure
I can't get out of my head that's the
start
[Music]
we might be the promise we're not in a
prophecy we're going to goal in Toyota
Corolla
what did you do this weekend me nothing
very interesting the world remains in
mourning after the death of the Superman
inspector those Montanans item and
where's the god of hack the mapper
Delaney has been a no-show
they said the Age of Heroes who never
come again
Basco
[Music]
we don't have anymore time something is
coming
I'll protect issues
no monkeys
[Music]
look at Tony
it's really
I call this one this is the day so mums
biggest concerns were exploding windup
penguins this is crazy
of birthing organ die each of us in some
way is held back
don't engage alone Little Miss together
really cause you guys ready to battle
relax Alfred I'll take it from here uh
do I know you
Superman was a beacon to the world
don't save people and they just threw
the best parts of themselves
oh I don't recognize as well
we all have to recognize
you just have to present
[Music]
how many of you are there not enough
you really think this oh wow they just
they really just vanish oh that's rude
you said you'd come now let's hope
you're not too late
they're the greatest stories ever told
[Music]
hero shows we don't need to be perfect
to do what's right it's not about living
without fear for facing injustice it's
not about being powerful but finding
your calling
when you least expect it they show us
it's okay to be vulnerable no matter how
tough you are
because even though they're heroes
there's still human
[Music]
discover the greatest stories ever told
only on Netflix looks like I got here
just in time
welcome the Kingsmen tales shop in
London maybe you've heard of us
today marks the beginning of a new age
but I'm going to show you a pie to the
Kingsmen Chronicle a bit of a save the
world situation here welcome to station
is your American cousins we'll be
working side by side
we've got brains skills skipping-rope
[Music]
the lasso whatever
it's very American
[Music]
manners make it man do you know what
that means
we're going to do this let's engage
[Music]
okay nothing's gonna go back to the way
none of us know
[Music]
No I felt it darkness falls across the
land the midnight hour is close at hand
creatures crawl in search of blood to
terrorize y'all's neighborhood have a
cow me pounding direct and 1/8 the
hounds of hell and want inside of course
shell
ever happening it's spreading from hips
places
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
just please give me some
[Laughter]
[Music]
shall we begin
okay relax life your sleep you're
sleeping you're dreaming of some eight
foot tall demon looking [ __ ] oh
yeah
a dream I like that dreams are places
you can have fun right it's all in your
mind
so why not enjoy it Shh let's go and
check it out
[Music]
we caught in this dream of yours take
care of a situation like this we just
put Kenny's name down and see what
happens
[Music]
I know you want to go on help her I
don't know then continue the bed
[Music]
good now as long as we're playing let's
do it right there's no need to stop it
whoo I'm sorry what else is there how
her peanut battle now watch
[Music]
and and
they did
[Music]